If anyone needs this...

...Here's a few tips and tricks to help you with Unity.

Made from a ninja who also learnt this along their way

Now, this ninja doesn't want to take too much credit for this... but this ninjas did fully make this on their own, so technically this ninja did.

A function is a set of instructions in a block of code. There are two types: one that gives back/returns, and one that doesn't. Some of them have parenthesis/brackets/()

strings are sentences,
floats are decimal numbers,
int(eger)s are non-decimal numbers,
bools are true/false.

*/astrix means "times" or "multiply"

Two equal signs (==) means you are checking something, whilst one equal sign (=) means you are setting something to some value. :)

A coroutine is basically a function that lets you wait.

If you've made it here you're probably dumb...





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Made by your favourite ninjas that uses this computer :)






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Oh, and stay strong! Love you!